Page 1

Monk’s House Rodmell 29/11/40

Dear John, I do not wish, as I said, to get into a wrangle with you about this, but I must at least point out this:
(1) I showed your letter of 31 October to Virginia before I replied to you and she also thought it rude, angry, and offensive and that it “was intended in the sense” in which I read it. As regards my “advice”, which was so unhelpful, you did in fact do exactly what I advised. I do not understand therefore what more I could have done.
(2) I had letters from you on October 15, 18, 23, 31 and on Nov. 1 and 5—six communications in 21 days; from November 5 to November 27—22 days—you never wrote to me one single line, though I twice wrote to you asking direct questions about the Press. That was not the result of bad communications in the postal sense. From Nov 6 to Nov 20 I was not even told the sales. During this period of silence Roger Fry was apparently reprinted without any communication either to me or to V. who had an important correction to make. We only learnt of the reprint by an ad. 
If that is not being “cut off”, I do not know what would be. 
(3) I am in no “blissful illusion” about the difficulty of carrying on the Press since September and as a matter of fact I expressed my appreciation of it and of what you had done since then when we last met and I agreed that there was no reason why you should go every week to Letchworth. At the same interview we agreed that under the circumstances advertising must be left entirely in your hands, and that was why I have been careful not to interfere with suggestions which would almost certainly come to you too late. On two occasions when we met in town we discussed the appearance of the books which were ready and I told you that I liked them. As 

(At the bottom of the page unintelligible handwritten text)

Page 2

for Vita, Day Lewis, and William, I have never even been shown a copy of any of them, though I understand from the advertisements that they have already been published. 
Your remark about making the Press a going concern, to which I took and take exception, could not possibly refer to the period since September of this year. 
(4) I was compelled suddenly to alter my day from Friday to Wednesday this week partly because I had to see my sister who is returning to Gambia and partly to make arrangements for removal of furniture from M.S. I am afraid that I shall not be able to come up at all next week as I am summoned to sit as a juror at the Assises in Lewes and have been refused exemption. 
LW
