MS 2750/C/21/4/60
COPY.
Harcourt, Brace and Company,Inc.,
Publishers,
383 Madison Avenue,
New York. 
October 2, 1931.

Leonard Woolf, Esq.,
The Hogarth Press,
52 Tavistok Square,
London, W.C.L.

Dear Mr. Woolf:
In regard to the publication of THE WAVES, I
appreciate fully of course, the uncertainties of the position
in England, and the date you have fixed on, namely October
eight, does not inconvenience us in the least. As a matter
of fact, our edition is nearly ready, except for the jacket. 

You cabled "Sending jacket Waves" on September 18th,
but we have not yet received it and its failure to arrive is
making serious difficulties for us. It must, I suppose, turn
up before long, and I cant't see that we have anything to do
but to wait for it. If it altogether falls to arrive, I
expect we can work from the jacket on the two copies you have
posted. I hope they, at least, will arrive with reasonable
promptness. 

I would suggest that your secretary, in sending anything
urgent to America, look up the list of sailing in the newspaper
and mark the envelope for the first fast steamship. Anything
saves a great deap of time to mark the envelope because
otherwise mail is delayed for the next British or American
mail ship, which may be a slow one. Unless it is marked, of
course it doesn't catch the mails of such ships as the Europa,
The Bremen, the Ile de France, and so on. 

I received mail by the Majestic on Wednesday, which
didn't sail from England till the 23rd, and I canìt understand
why the jacket failed to arrive, at least by that ship. 


over/

/~c. 2 letters illegible~/

MS 2750/C/21/4/60
2.

I had hoped we could publish on the 15th. If the jacket
doesn't turn up at once, we shall have to postpone it
still further. 

Yours sincerely,
Donald C. Brace

DCB:CMc

P.S. Since the above was written, a parcel containing
two copies of the book has come in, and in the same parcel
with the books an extra copy of the jacket. I am afraid the
jacket, therefore, was included with the books instead of
being mailed separately. That's too bad because if it has
been mailed by letter post, we might have had it a week ago.
However, we shall be all right now, and I am glad that the
books themselves were so prompt in coming through. 